Hi, everyone.
In this next year, we are going to simulate errors.
All right, so.
I'm just going to copy this comment and I'm going to put it right here.
So the first kind of error is going to be our input error.
First off, I'm going to be creating both of the functions and I'm going to showing you I'm going to
be showing you how these errors are created.
And whenever you know how the error is created, you will be able to understand how you can debug it.
All right.
So we can say function.
So what is the function name invalid now?
It was input, input, input, error.
There is not going to be any parameter.
So for the input, error is simple.
Whenever we click and there is nothing, we just want to show this message for like a couple of seconds
or something like that.
So let's grab this diff.
So this diff has an input type of error class.
So I'm going to say document dot, query selector.
Keep in mind I'm not storing the results anywhere.
I'm just going to do something whenever I grab that and I'm going to say that class.
Let's start at what is the class that I want to add that's show class, which has display block.
All right.
So I'm going to show it.
Let's save it.
It's come in here.
Let's click please fill out all the all the input fields.
But now the error is not going away if the user should be able to fill something.
So we are going to say sit time out.
And there we go, our favorite Arab function, and we are going to select it once more.
I mean, you could store it inside a variable and then say dot, dot, dot at show and then dot remove
show.
So after exactly
twenty five hundred or two and a half seconds, I want to remove that or so enter.
Boom goes away.
So if I say AFN, we are still going to get our air, we need to simulate all the possible outcomes.
So there are no surprises when this application is ready for production.
Perfect, but if I say 1000, we get the results perfect, so this is OK, this is done.
We are done with our first input error.
This error was simpler than the one that we are going to do here.
So let's create our and then next, exciting function, invalid code, no parameters.
So when the code is invalid, we want to show this right.
So it's basically going to be almost the same.
So I'm going to copy this code and I'm going to put it here.
But the class name is Invalid Code, so let's grab that.
Let's put it right here.
And now I'm going to change the time and to one one and a half seconds.
So if I say F, you can see that's an incorrect currency code USD 1000.
Invalid currency cut, so let's do this, zoom out a little bit, and if I say offend and they just
then just the U.S. invalid currency.
Now you can see we have two types of errors here.
I'm going to show you what I mean exactly by that.
So for this catch now, keep in mind, this is going to give us errors for this part and this catch
is going to give us errors for this part.
So if I have an error, for example, here, we should be able to catch it.
Right here, so I'm just going to catch I'm going to say console the lock error and let's pass error
here.
And error dot message.
Message, let's save it.
So if I say if and and say us, hopefully we will be able to catch it.
You can see that we got that it says valid currency code, where is the error message?
We got something there and it went away.
Let's just log the error itself.
OK, and we are not calling that here, right, but we are, but the reason that it's being called is
is inside our convert currency.
We get our exchange rate.
We call that in there.
Right.
So if I say throw new error, like.
Our
first input just going to say first input, okey doke.
So so if I say A.F. USD and 1000 and if I save it, you can see that it says first input because this
this is incorrect.
It throws that error.
Right.
And that error is coming from here.
Of course, we are catching it here.
Now, this catch, it is going to catch this error and any other errors.
And we know how this works because because of promise training, when we train our promises or our dud
then is the one catch.
It is going to catch all the errors.
Right.
But if I say one, two, three here or.
Yeah, yeah.
We just want one, two, three.
And if I say AAF, USD, both of the errors are going to fire.
Right.
You can see that we get one, two, three.
The reason for that is the reason that we are not getting we are not getting this error is because we
just catch we just caught it here.
So if I were to say error, I hope you're getting what I'm saying error, error dot message, then we
are going to get that message as well.
So message and error, that message was put in a comma and uh.
Hmm hmm.
Hmm.
That's yep.
So if I say AAF and use 1000, we should be able to get both of the errors, you can see that this is
the thing that's cool about it.
So if we catch it, it is going to catch both of the errors.
That's what this catch is going to do.
It's going to catch this error and this error, which is coming from here.
So if I come in this one out and if I save it and if I do offend U.S. and 1000 and let's save it, you
can see that it says not a number because this is not a number and it's not catching it because we did
not throw it.
When when you don't throw it, it is not going to catch it.
If I say A and if I say USD and if I say 1000, 10000, it again, it is going to say not a number.
Right, because the exchange rate is not a number and this error is coming from here.
This exchange rate is and has to be a number.
That's what we checked for.
And this shows my point.
This one, two, three is coming from this catch.
This error is coming from here.
OK, so I'm just going to throw it one more time.
So even if I say A.F. USD 1000, we're going to see that same error.
And you can see that we get both of the areas where that error is coming from.
But if I say if and and then I say U.S. and Kleck, you can see that this is the second iteration.
Click, we get the same.
That's the good thing about this catch.
It catches all the errors.
So and here we are going to call our invalid code and we are going to remove this.
And in here we are going to call our invalid code.
So I think we are done with simulating this error.
I just wanted to show you different combinations and what actually is happening here.
Right.
And if I say a F USD and 1000, we get invalid currency code.
If I say a F and and remove this D and say right and valid currency code and if I do D and click, we
get that.
So with this, our application comes to an end.
I hope you have enjoyed it.
Certainly it was a bigger one than the rest, but we are diving into bigger applications.
The next one is going to be the Guardian news.
Very, very cool.
All right.
So that's it for this lecture.
And see you guys in the next one.